1.Are the HTML tags and elements the same thing?
HTML Tags are building blocks of HTML Page. HTML Elements are components that are used in HTML Page.
HTML Tags usually exist in pairs consisting of a starting and an ending tag. However,
some tags do not have a closing tag.

2.What are tags and attributes in HTML?
It is important to note that both the tags and attributes are within an element. While the elements tell 
the browser what to display, the attributes define how they will behave. The tags mark the beginning and
the end of an element. They may not be necessary for some elements, especially the closing tags.

3.What are void elements in HTML? With Example.
A void element is an element whose content model never allows it to have contents under any circumstances. 
Void elements can have attributes. The following is a complete list of the void elements in HTML :area,
base,br,col,command,embed,hr,img,input,keygen,link,meta,param,source,track,wbr.

4.What are HTML Entities? With Example.
An HTML entity is a piece of text ("string") that begins with an ampersand ( & ) and ends with a semicolon
( ; ). HTML entities are frequently used to display reserved characters (which would otherwise be
interpreted as HTML code), and invisible characters (like non-breaking spaces).

5.What are different types of lists in HTML? With Example.
Unordered list,Nested list,Types of list in HTML,Supporting browsers,Ordered lists,Definition lists,Javatpoint services,
Trending technologies,Description list,Training for college campus,Preparation.

6.What is the ‘class’ attribute in HTML? With Example.
The class attribute specifies one or more class names for an element. The class attribute is mostly 
used to point to a class in a style sheet. However, it can also be used by a JavaScript (via the HTML DOM)
to make changes to HTML elements with a specified class.

7.What is the difference between the ‘id’ attribute and the ‘class’ attribute of HTML
elements? With Example.
Remember the difference between Class and ID: A Class name can be used by multiple HTML elements, while 
an ID name must only be used by one HTML element within the page. The following is a sample HTML page
using the Class name GreekCity. You can copy code from this to try it out yourself.

8.What are the various formatting tags in HTML?
<b> - Bold text.
<strong> - Important text.
<i> - Italic text.
<em> - Emphasized text.
<mark> - Marked text.
<small> - Smaller text.
<del> - Deleted text.
<ins> - Inserted text.

9.How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing? With Example.
Cell padding is used to create a border around the content area of a web page, whereas cell spacing 
is used for positioning elements (such as images or text) within that content area.

10.How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an HTML
table? With Example
You can merge two or more table cells in a column using the colspan attribute in a <td> HTML tag (table 
data). To merge two or more row cells, use the rowspan attribute. On this page, we provide examples 
and information on using these attributes and show you how they display in the browser.

11.What is the difference between a block-level element and an inline element?
Inline elements never start from a new line. Block elements cover space from left to right as far as it 
can go. Inline elements only cover the space as bounded by the tags in the HTML element. Block elements 
have top and bottom margins.

12.How to create a Hyperlink in HTML? With Example.
<a> </a> Next, add your homepage's URL using the href attribute:
<a href="https://www.yourhomepage.com"> </a> Now, add the anchor text people will click to go to your link:
<a href="https://www.homepage.com>Visit our homepage</a> Your anchor text should be descriptive.

13.What is the use of an iframe tag? With Example.
How is iframe used? The most common use of an iframe is to load content from another site within the 
page. The child site can load its own content and cookies, so sites may allow it where they don't allow 
direct hotlinking content. Using an iframe is the accepted way to embed a YouTube video or Google 
Maps content.

14.What is the use of a span tag? Explain with example?
In HTML, the span tag is a generic inline container element. You use this element to wrap sections of 
text for styling purposes or to add attributes to a section of text without creating a new line of 
content. It is similar — but not the same as — the <div> tag.

15.How to insert a picture into a background image of a web page? With Example.
We can use the background attribute in the body tag to set an image as the background of the webpage. 
We will need to specify the URL or the location of the image which we want to set to the background 
attribute of the body tag.

16.How are active links different from normal links?
Active links are typically links that are currently functional and lead to live web pages, while normal 
links can refer to any link, whether functional or broken. Active links are actively used and accessible,
 while normal links may or may not be functional at a given time.

17.What are the different tags to separate sections of text?
br> tag – It is used to separate the line of text. It breaks the current line and shifts the flow of the 
text to a new line.

18.What is SVG?
SVG is an XML-based vector image format for defining two-dimensional graphics, having support for 
interactivity and animation. The SVG specification is an open standard developed by the World Wide Web 
Consortium since 1999. SVG images are defined in a vector graphics format and stored in XML text files.

19.What is difference between HTML and XHTML?
HTML (HypertextMarkup Language) and XHTML (ExtensibleHypertext Markup Language) are both markup 
languages used for creating and displaying web pages. The main difference between them is the syntax and 
structure; HTML is more lenient in its syntax, while XHTML has a more strict syntax and follows XML rules.

20.What are logical and physical tags in HTML?
In HTML the formatting tags are divided into two categories: Physical tag: These tags are used to provide 
the visual appearance to the text. Logical tag: These tags are used to add some logical or semantic value 
to the text.
